can I talk about Andy Garcia yeah of
course I mind I know him because I like
him better than you oh I don't blame you
sorry
well Andy is a very dashing man whoa
yeah you're telling me mm-hmm yeah oh
really wanna see what happens with me
and Andy in the movie yes yeah I'm gonna
do with you now right now okay okay
here's where it goes at the end of the
movie I have this extremely fun moment
for me and I'm seeing Andy and and it's
good together and I'm I'm gonna kiss him
goodbye okay so here's how it went all
right you better stand up okay
Oh but in this particular moment the
woman I didn't have a hat on so I didn't
look like a witch okay so this is what's
Andy's character's name in the movie
what's my motivation here I need I'm
here oh that's me I'm saying that's it
and I go like this you know and I look
at his face and I go this is why I was
excited about touching his beard is I go
like this I go like this oh it's my turn
to do that not usually the man does that
am i right
okay baby and I go
[Music]
well a dream has come true
for Jimmy Kimmel here why can't I be
Andy Garcia well Eddie's so great in the
movie and he's so much fun to act with
yeah yeah nobody cares about me well
thank you so much I I'm gonna have to
look at that again in slow motion if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment